Nantz has got a tip-off about some
criminals on our patch drug dealers is
my god-given mission to rid dance Hill
of all drug-dealing scum we're gonna
take him down you know we're gonna go
for chinky afterwards name it's no time
three two one are you doing knocking on
the door you're supposed to keep the
door in I'm picking you up off the
street a piece of what it's a traffic
warden you said he was a drug dealer
difference no Nancy traffic waters run
outside
the Chinese anyway at least we could do
yeah it's really nice to have some
company because I actually got that many
friends really similar to me because
you're such a cool guy cuz I actually
think people get a bit scared off
because my hobby oh yeah what's that
well I'm a serial killer this is right
up your street
yes yeah took me a couple of weekends to
really get going
so what does it make sure the room was
exactly right before I started looking
image my next one
I met upon an internet dating thing Oh
buddy forget II look in the GoPro and
they see you know you don't roll how
many we've got to the best bit I'm going
on Britain's Got Talent
yes a bunch of dance there's moves I've
done the music you have a listen okay
you